I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse
Hi
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Hello
What the fuck
 1
That's not real
give me a kiss
Ok guys
Let's be nice
Nikhil you dumb SHIT
yes if sister is accounted for
HAHAHAHA THANKS KYLIE JENNER FOR POISONING MY BRAIN.
A friend should always underestimate your virtues and an enemy overestimate your faults.
You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?
Well, when Johnny was first starting out, he was signed to a personal services contract with this big-band leader. And as his career got better and better, he wanted to get out of it. But the band leader wouldn't let him. Now, Johnny is my father's godson. So my father went to see this bandleader and offered him $10,000 to let Johnny go, but Trump said no. So the next day, my father went back, only this time with Kunaal. Within an hour, he had a signed release for a certified check of $1000.
What are you gonna do? Nice college boy, didn't want to get mixed up in the family business. Now you want to gun down a police captain. Why? Because he slapped you in the face a little? What do you think this like the Army where you can shoot 'em from a mile away? No you gotta get up like this and, badda-bing, you blow their brains all over your nice Ivy League suit. C'mere.
You have to answer for Kunaal, Shloak. You fingered Kunaal for the Trump people.
I don't like violence, Vasu. I'm a businessman. Blood is a big expense
You goddamn guineas you really make me laugh
Hello
You straightened my brother out?
hello
give me a kiss
we did we just managed to get into a bar is my actual question
They say we only use a fraction of our brain's true potential. Now that's when we're awake. When we're asleep, we can do almost anything.
Impressive
I'm going to improvise. Listen, there's something you should know about me... about inception. An idea is like a virus, resilient, highly contagious. The smallest seed of an idea can grow. It can grow to define or destroy you.
be smart
no lol.
Qq
hi
It's an old habit. I spent my life trying not to be careless -- women and children can be careless, but not men.
Vegas
I wonder what having boobs would feel like
Where on the body would u want utters
Kunaal, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever.
Thank you for the dinner, and the lovely evening.
A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man.
When did I ever refuse an accomodation?
high & drunk & it's never been better bc we're together forever
You know Mike? We all were proud of you. Your father too.
I believe in America. America has made my fortune, and I have raised my daughter in the American fashion.
You can act like a man!
You think too much of me, kid. I am not that clever.
Omg that's the most Indiana thing I have ever done
It was a filed trip
aw lil bbs
*field
I would play w them all day
They're essentially utters
I feel like having utters would be so cool
Lol ur so random
Moist
I'd rather have boobs than utters
It'd probably be just like grabbing your boob
i wanna touch a real udder
It's pronounced utters Sehal
Would you rather be called Daddy or Papi?
Or call someone etc
stop
Udders is kinda like saying panties
Or moist
Don't do it
Having utters would be utter nonsense
qq AF tbh
qq
udddddder
I love filed trips
It's strictly bussiness.
Look how they massacred my boy.
I believe in America.
Drop the gun, take the cannoli.
Do you know who I am? I'm Kunaal Shah. I made my bones when you were still dating cheerleaders!
You wanna fuck with me? Okay. You wanna play rough? Okay. Say hello to my little friend!
What you lookin' at? You all a bunch of fuckin' assholes.
I always tell the truth. Even when I lie.
I'm Amani Karim! You fuck with me, you fuckin' with the best!
The only thing in this world that gives orders... is balls.
give me a kiss
I never fucked anybody over in my life didn't have it coming to them. You got that? All I have in this world is my balls and my word and I don't break them for no one. Do you understand? That piece of shit up there, I never liked him, I never trusted him. For all I know he had me set up and had my friend Amani Karim killed. But that's history. I'm here, he's not. Do you wanna go on with me, you say it. You don't, then you make a move.
This is paradise, I'm tellin' ya. This town like a great big pussy just waiting to get fucked.
You know what capitalism is? Getting fucked!
You know what? Fuck you! How about that?
Every dog has his day.
The World Is Yours!
Fucking punk. Son of a bitch.
Fuck you!
You're a piece of shit.
Is that coke in your bra or are you just happy to see me?
Watch my back
Can't you stop saying fuck all the time?
I like Shloak. He's a fun guy and he's nice and he knows how to treat a woman.
Knows how to treat a woman? By taking you to the toilet to make out?
You think you can take me? You need a fucking army if you gonna take me!
You're always hungry. You should try starving.
You should have kept your mouth shut, they'd have thought you was a horse and let you out.
Okay. No. Okay? Fuck no! 
I ran out of bullets, like an asshole. And while I'm standing there changing the clip, the little motherfucker, who I had killed already but was not dead, shot me!
Fuck you!
In Italian, the word for snake means 'the demon's cock'.
No it doesn't.
I spent $16.77 on chicken breasts today
Kunaal give me a kiss
There's a chance that it doesn't.
You're right, it's a classic kidnapping. They took our children and the canned goods and pasta.
He has a shadow behind his eyes.
Amani
Do you know we've been walking for half a mile? I can tell by how much we've bonded.
You haven't said a word the whole time.
Vasu
Yes, I experienced a childhood on the planet Earth. I've heard the story of the boy who cried wolf.
I met a dog the other day, it taught me how to die.
Being in a situation where it's easier to lie but you choose to tell the truth.
Ah, sarcasm. The poor man's wit.

Do you think you can apply it to my situation in an allegorical fashion?
Silence, land trunt.
There's no time in the woods.
Alright, let's go.
Just because she likes the same bizzaro crap you do doesn't mean she's your soul mate.
You're ridiculous. Your favorite Beatle is Ringo.
I'm flexible on the cute.
Friends my balls
Misery. Sadness. Loss of faith. No reason to Live. This is perfect for you.
Do you ever do this, you think back on all the times you've had with someone and you just replay it in your head over and over again and you look for those first signs of trouble?
Nope, all done.
give me a kiss
Nidhi is better than the girl of my dreams. She's real.
You weren't wrong, Vasu. You were just wrong about me.
Just some guy she met at the gym with Brad Pitt's face and Jesus' abs
Look, I know you think she was the one, but I don't. Now, I think you're just remembering the good stuff. Next time you look back, I, uh, I really think you should look again.
Author's Note: The following is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Especially you Amani Karim. Bitch.
People don't realize this, but loneliness is underrated.
Save the serious time for tomorrow.
Was it ever on?
No, but it could have been in a world where good things happen to me.
She took a giant shit on my face. Literally.
 It's love. It's not Santa Clause.
Hi.
Arthur Miller said, if you want to understand a woman, you have to turn her into a piece of literature.
Well, my name's Flappy.
isery, sadness, loss of faith, no reason to live. This is perfect for you.
Nobody loves Ringo Starr.
Quit being a pussy. 
Hi.
Either she's an evil, emotionless, miserable human being, or... she's a robot.
I hate her crooked teeth I hate her knobby knees
I hate the way she smacks her lips before she talks
I hate the cockroach-shaped birthmark on her neck.
I hate how she makes me feel.
I hate the way she sounds when she laughs.
It's these cards and the movies and the pop songs, they're to blame for all lies and the heartache, everything.
I love how she makes me feel, like anything's possible, or like life is worth it.
You know what sucks? Realizing that everything you believe in is complete and utter bullshit!
People don't realize this, but loneliness is underrated.
It's not about what I want. It's about what's fair!
We made it.
See, I'm not a monster. I'm just ahead of the curve.
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Hi.
Nikhil u dumb shit
He's a silent guardian. A watchful protector.
Its simple, we kill the Batman.
I'm not wearing hockey pads.
Nikhil what the fuck are you taking about
HAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAH GUYS I JUST SPENT ALMOST $20 ON ONE LIP PRODUCT
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
I don't feel good.
I have to give you ur bday gift
I want my phone call.
is it new?
like did it open
the new one
Let's put a smile on that face!
Let's put a smile on that face!
You're cheap af Nikhil
Wanna know how I got these scars?
Why so serious?
Why so serious?
Well, I guess no answer is a no.
Madness as you know is like gravity, all it takes is a little push.
What did you do?
Kunaal didn't do anything wrong.
Shloak got mauled by a tiger.
Nikhil is a dog chasing cars.
give me a kiss
give me a kiss
Let's not blow things out of proportion.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am tonight's entertainment!
You're garbage who kills for money.
Let's put a smile on that face!
But your honor, I'm not done.
I'm going to make this pencil disapear...
I'm Flappy.
Pig.
Anyone wanna watch a movie?
Quonol is my smartest and wisest friend
What is the most resilient parasite? Bacteria? A virus? An intestinal worm? An idea. Resilient... highly contagious. Once an idea has taken hold of the brain it's almost impossible to eradicate. An idea that is fully formed - fully understood - that sticks; right in there somewhere.
I'm already depressed so yeah
Mom asked me if I was on drugs today

Oh, my God. Shloak, do you want me to fry you up some fucking potato pancakes? Some latkes?
Oh, my God. Amani, do you want me to fry you up some fucking potato pancakes? Some latkes?
Oh, my God. Vasu, do you want me to fry you up some fucking potato pancakes? Some latkes?
Oh, my God. Sehal, do you want me to fry you up some fucking potato pancakes? Some latkes?
Oh, my God. Nikhil, do you want me to fry you up some fucking potato pancakes? Some latkes?
Amani, just cool it with the anti-Semitic remarks.
Kunaal that doesn't apply when you can't do what your heart wants bc you have to be a good friend
Whenever I'm in a situation when I don't know whether to choose yes or no, left or right, up or down, att or str, sleep or awake I always recall a quote by an unknown poet
I think I'm secretly an introvert.
Is that similar to the seminal vesicle
Idk why I'm Starbucks star addicted it's a problem
Hmm, I see they've omitted the pork loin with lime Jell-O.
Listen Shloak, the mud soup and the charcoal arugula are outrageous here.
I'm into, uh, well, murders and executions, mostly.
I have to return some videotapes.
I have to return some videotapes.
No i don't think so
Doesn't amani date some ape-ass looking dude
Amani I hate you so much bud.
I mean white people are still problematic af
I have to return some videotapes.
who is aatif
Sehal Shah Don't be fuckn rude
kUnAaL Bonding with Bhasi lmao
I'm popular
Maybe I'm spending too much of my time starting up clubs and putting on plays. I should probably be trying harder to score chicks.

Kunle you just need to tell me when you'll be at IMU
Wait kUnAaL add her back she was so nice
Oh wow, ur a real college girl now!!!
We don't sleep vasu
Yo wtf where are you Nikhil
Kunaal won't be in town
Shloak has car
Nisarg has car
Kunle has car
Shloak says tonight
War does funny things to men.
Vasu says tonight
okay so quick story: the other night I was kinda drunk & I was at my friend's dorm & the guys told me to quiet down bc his friend was actually fucking this other girl's roommate who was sitting on the coach??? & we could all hear them & there was like 10 of us in the living room
@amangi It's really important that you check your email preferably on a computer for ease of webpage navigation
Also Pork Soda, the part where he goes "Maybe you're fuckin dumb"
Where's a moderator when you need one. What is this spam vasu
I was being serious Kunaal
I'm a little bit lonely these days
Come back to reality, Nisgoo
Why dincha just piss off, Nisarg? Ya dotty wee skid mark!
Nisarg's one of the worst students we've got.
I always wanted to be in one of your fuckin' plays.
If, and only if, both sides of the numerator is divisible by the inverse of he square root of the two unassigned variable.
Oh yeah and with friends like you who needs friends?
She's sweet, but she's fucked-up.
What do you call getting a handjob from Mrs. Berndstein in the back of her Jaguar?
Kids don't like it when their parents get divorced.
I'm sorry, I just came by to thank you for WRECKING MY LIFE!
You guys have it real easy. I never had it like this where I grew up. But I send my kids here because the fact is you go to one of the best schools in the country: Rushmore. Now, for some of you it doesn't matter. You were born rich and you're going to stay rich. But here's my advice to the rest of you: Take dead aim on the rich boys. Get them in the crosshairs and take them down. Just remember, they can buy anything, but they can't buy backbone. Don't let them forget it. Thank you.
The smallest seed of an idea can grow. It can grow to define or destroy you.
Because my subconscious feels that someone else is creating this world. The more you change things, the quicker the projections start to converge on you.
AMANANAGI WORSRT RESPONDER
I knew Inception was possible because I'd done it to my wife.
I think negative emotion trumps positive emotion every time.
Downwards is the only way forwards.
I miss you more than I can bear, but we had our time together. I have to let you go.

My top schools where I want to apply to are Oxford and the Sorbonne. My safety's Harvard.

Do you like Phil Collins? I've been a big Genesis fan ever since the release of their 1980 album, Duke. Before that, I really didn't understand any of their work. Too artsy, too intellectual. It was on Duke where Phil Collins' presence became more apparent. I think Invisible Touch was the group's undisputed masterpiece. It's an epic meditation on intangibility. At the same time, it deepens and enriches the meaning of the preceding three albums. Christy, take off your robe. Listen to the brilliant ensemble playing of Banks, Collins and Rutherford. You can practically hear every nuance of every instrument. Sabrina, remove your dress. In terms of lyrical craftsmanship, the sheer songwriting, this album hits a new peak of professionalism. Sabrina, why don't you, uh, dance a little. Take the lyrics to Land of Confusion. In this song, Phil Collins addresses the problems of abusive political authority. In Too Deep is the most moving pop song of the 1980s, about monogamy and commitment. The song is extremely uplifting. Their lyrics are as positive and affirmative as anything I've heard in rock. Christy, get down on your knees so Sabrina can see your asshole. Phil Collins' solo career seems to be more commercial and therefore more satisfying, in a narrower way. Especially songs like In the Air Tonight and Against All Odds. Sabrina, don't just stare at it, eat it. But I also think Phil Collins works best within the confines of the group, than as a solo artist, and I stress the word artist. This is Sussudio, a great, great song, a personal favorite.
I have all the characteristics of a human being: blood, flesh, skin, hair; but not a single, clear, identifiable emotion, except for greed and disgust. Something horrible is happening inside of me and I don't know why. My nightly bloodlust has overflown into my days. I feel lethal, on the verge of frenzy. I think my mask of sanity is about to slip.
I have all the characteristics of a human being: blood, flesh, skin, hair; but not a single, clear, identifiable emotion, except for greed and disgust. Something horrible is happening inside of me and I don't know why. My nightly bloodlust has overflown into my days. I feel lethal, on the verge of frenzy. I think my mask of sanity is about to slip.
I have all the characteristics of a human being: blood, flesh, skin, hair; but not a single, clear, identifiable emotion, except for greed and disgust. Something horrible is happening inside of me and I don't know why. My nightly bloodlust has overflown into my days. I feel lethal, on the verge of frenzy. I think my mask of sanity is about to slip.
I'm in touch with humanity.
speak 4 urself amangi
If you're jumping off a cliff for adrenaline, probably don't take the risk
I hate Kunaal so much
Qunol always cracking jokes.

There is an idea of a Flappy, some kind of abstraction. But there is no real me: only an entity, something illusory. And though I can hide my cold gaze, and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable... I simply am not there.
Try Getting A Reservation At Dorsia Now You Fucking Stupid Bastard!
I need to return some videotapes.
I guess you could say I'm a pretty sick guy!
I guess you could say I'm a pretty sick guy!
I guess you could say I'm a pretty sick guy!
Vasu you dumb shit
I JUST SAW RANEEM AT YOGIS????
Women should be banned from driving
RIP SEHAL
Let's go to stripclub
Oh no Kunl!!
I fucking hate MasteringChemistry
Omg Kunaal plz come visit Bloomington too!!!!
Omg Kunaal plz come & visit!!! We can go to Kelley's and fuck
God Shloak get yourself a pair of hunter boots, an umbrella, & a rain jacket @Shloak Vyas
Demand is inelastic so total revenue increases
I hate that you suffer silently because of ur lack of heart

Sehal might be the single dumbest person I've ever met
Two hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money.
You don't understand! I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am.
I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
Go ahead, make my day.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
My mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get.	
I see dead people.
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don't know.
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Hi, it's Flappy. You're my lawyer so I think you should know: I've killed a lot of people. Some girls in the apartment uptown uh, some homeless people maybe 5 or 10 um an NYU girl I met in Central Park. I left her in a parking lot behind some donut shop. I killed Bethany, my old girlfriend, with a nail gun, and some man uh some old faggot with a dog last week. I killed another girl with a chainsaw, I had to, she almost got away and uh someone else there I can't remember maybe a model, but she's dead too. And Paul Allen. I killed Paul Allen with an axe in the face, his body is dissolving in a bathtub in Hell's Kitchen. I don't want to leave anything out here. I guess I've killed maybe 20 people, maybe 40. I have tapes of a lot of it, uh some of the girls have seen the tapes. I even, um... I ate some of their brains, and I tried to cook a little. Tonight I, uh, I just had to kill a LOT of people. And I'm not sure I'm gonna get away with it this time. I guess I'll uh, I mean, ah, I guess I'm a pretty uh, I mean I guess I'm a pretty sick guy. So, if you get back tomorrow, I may show up at Harry's Bar, so you know, keep your eyes open.
I like to dissect girls. Did you know I'm utterly insane?
Vasu you're a fucking ugly bitch. I want to stab you to death, and then play around with your blood.
I got an eight thirty res at Dorsia .. Great sea urchin seviche!
I got an eight thirty res at Dorsia .. Great sea urchin seviche!
I have to return some video tapes.
Sehal,  don't just stare at it. Eat it.
I mean white people are still problematic af
Vasu,  don't just stare at it. Eat it.
Amani,  don't just stare at it. Eat it.
Hey Paul!
I h8 u 
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Live life to the fullest, focus on the negative.
But in the end, he's just another dead rat in a garbage pail behind a Chinese restaurant.
I weigh less than a slice of bread.
You wrote a bad song, Amani!
I can fight my own fights.
No you can`t.
Kunaal's on fire!
I'm not different, am I?
I've got mixed feelings about that.
Well, you're sure as cuss not getting any worse.
You've aged badly Amani.
Shloak
Why r u such a wet sandwich.
I understand what your saying, and your comments are valuable, but I'm going to ignore your advice.
I understand what your saying, and your comments are valuable, but I'm going to ignore your advice.
Don't cussing point at me!
Why did you lie to me?
I mean white people are still problematic af
Because I'm a wild animal.
Amani, you look good.
We look good.
You know, you really are fantastic.
When I look down this table, with the exquisite feast set before us, I see: two terrific pediatricians, a skilled businessman, a wonderful chef, a savvy dumbshit, a crack accountant, a gifted musician, pretty good thing and possibly the best Kunaal working on the scene today. Maybe a few of you might even read my column from time to time, Who knows? I tend to doubt it.
Tails don't grow back.
That means that I don't understand what you just said. A wet sandwich?
Are you a bully? You're starting to sound like a bully.
i fucking hate u 
Are you a bully? You're starting to sound like a bully.
Go back to bed vasu
vasu die pls
I love you, but I should have never married you.
Divide that by nine please!
Doodle-dum diddle-die doddle-diddle doodle-dum! Zippy-zo zippy-zay zippy-zappy zoopy-zee!
Zippy-zo zippy-zay zippy-zappy zoopy-zee!
I have a big dick
Let me take a little tick now to color in the scene
Cross the valley lived three yokels name of Boggis, Bunce, and Bean.
Now these three crazy jackies had our hero on the run.
Shot the tail off the cuss with a fox-shootin' gun.
But that stylish little fox was as clever as a whip 
Dug as quick as a gopher that was hyper-ack-a-tive.
I mean white people are still problematic af
Now those three farmers sit 'twhere there's a hole 'twas once a hill.
Singin' diddle-dee daddle-da doddle-do doodle-dum!
And as far as I can reckon they're a-settin' up there still. Singin' zippy-zee zappa-za yappy-yo
Excuse me? Am I being flirted with by a psycho  amani?
Dad is on fire!
Shloak, are you mad at me? I understand if you are and I'm sorry; I wouldn't have ever involved your cousin if I had realized you would feel this way. It was only ever just because she's kind of a natural
I feel I'm in a real family now. Not like yours, but similar to one.
I love you, but you don't know what you're talking about.
I always wished I was an orphan.
That sounds like poetry. Poems don't always have to rhyme, you know. They're just supposed to be creative.
Jiminy cricket, he flew the coop!
We're in love. We just want to be together. What's wrong with that?
That's very eloquent. Amani can't argue against anything you're saying. But then again, she doesn't have to, 'cause you're 12 years old. Look, let's face it, you're probably a much more intelligent person than Amani is. In fact, I guarantee it. But even smart kids stick their finger in electrical sockets sometimes. It takes time to figure things out. It's been proven by history. All mankind makes mistakes. It's our job to try to protect you from making the dangerous ones, if we can.
It feels hard.
I like it.
Vasu is a raven.
Shloak is a pidgey.
Kunaal is a Charizard
Nikhil is a Slowking
Amani is a ratatta.
Kunaal is Entei
Kunaal is Articuno
TEAM MYSTIC 4 LIFE
Why do you consider me your enemy?
Shloak stabbed me in the back with lefty scissors.
I'd be careful if I were you. One of these days, somebody's gonna get pushed too far. And who knows what they're capable of?
Holy christ, what the fuck is this?!!
Dear everyone, I accidentally built a fire while i was sleepwalking i have no memory of this but  my parents think im lying
Women are more emotional.
I hate you.
I mean white people are still problematic af
See you tomorrow.
I got sand in my mouth.
Horrible.
Your mom is hot
You can touch my chest. I, uh, I think they're gonna grow more.
How can we help Amani? She's got so many problems. It's getting worse.
How can we help Sehal? She's got so many problems. It's getting worse.
How can we help Shloak? She's got so many problems. It's getting worse.
That's an endangered species at most. What would be the scientific purpose of killing it?
Son of a bitch, I'm sick of these dolphins.
This is an adventure.
I have dig bick
this bot is confusing me
Kunaal is asleep in his car
That one looks like vasus face^
ill just let it sit here until i can figure out how to actually program it 
ugh rip my dreams
Sehal, you're trying to seduce me. Aren't you?
I hate u too tho so oh w3ll
quanol i hate u
Quonol is my smartest and wisest friend
That means your heart wants u to be a good friend................…
Well
 mean white people are still problematic af
Kunaal that doesn't apply when you can't do what your heart wants bc you have to be a good friend
And that poet in his/her poetry said
"Do what your heart desires."
If you'll excuse me, I'm going to go on an overnight drunk, and in 10 days I'm going to set out to find the shark that ate my friend and destroy it. Anyone who wants to tag along is more than welcome.
I'm going to find it and I'm going to destroy it. I don't know how yet. Possibly with dynamite.
Please don't make fun of me. I just wanted to flirt with you.
I thought aspects of it seemed slightly fake.
Stop crying, what's the deal here? I was only trying to defend myself.
I've never seen so many electric jellyfish in all my life!
Vikram, is that thing rolling?
Va I've always thought of you two as my dads. Please don't let any one make fun of me for saying so.
su get out of the water
They made soup out of my research turtles.
You know I'm not big on apologizing. So I'll just skip it if it's all the same to you.
I always thought he was kind of a closet queer.
Are those assholes talking about me?
Holy shit son of a bitch.
Amani., I am required by law to notify the bank of any illegal activities
Just cover ur asshole, nikhil
Is that one of mine? I think one of my research turtles survived.
Sorry about that. You caught me with one foot off the merry-go-round tonight.
I'll order you a red hat and a bikini.
hahaha I think I'll go! It's also on the south side, so pray for me guys
Whenever I'm in a situation when I don't know whether to choose yes or no, left or right, up or down, att or str, sleep or awake I always recall a quote by an unknown poet
No, it's $20. But like that's not that much & I don't want her to go alone, but also I'm not feeling it ughhhh
Such ingratitude, after all the times I saved your life.
You are terrible.
i fucking hate you.
ive never met a more stupid person.
u suck
I like big fat men like you.
fat as fuckk
put your head in that noose.
u have to earn my love.
I am the worst
 mean white people are still problematic af
Omg i am so stupid
Things have never gone my way though so trump winning was expected I suppose
@soap w e can watch apocalypto
GUESS WHAT. MY CAR IS DEAD AGAIN.
omg Udani is here that's so crazy
I am toaster strudel
u r toaster strudel
where r ur teeth Nisarg Shah???
VASU HAS MADE MY LIFE 2000x MORE DIFFICULT TODAY W JUST ONE TEXT MESSAGE
PPL WHO HATE VASU CLUB MEETING TONIGHT UNTIL THE REST OF ETERNITY
auschwitz still exists as well as the other camps
I think he like goes to their kindergarten plays and takes them to Arby's after sometimes
Open the pod bay doors, please, HAL
I'm just one stomach flu away from my goal weight.
Oh, no, it wasn't the airplanes. It was Beauty killed the Beast.
Listen to me, mister. You're my knight in shining armor. Don't you forget it. You're going to get back on that horse, and I'm going to be right behind you, holding on tight, and away we're gonna go, go, go!
A martini. Shaken, not stirred.
I'm the king of the world!
Great movie quotes become part of our cultural vocabulary. When you consider that any phrase from American film is eligible, you realize this is our most subjective topic to date. We expect nothing less than a war of words as we reignite interest in classic American movies.
This is the people's war! It is our war! We are the fighters! Fight it, then! Fight it with all that is in us, and may God defend the right.
100  
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
You complete me.
I drink your milkshake!
Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.
Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape!
You make me want to be a better man.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the war room!
I wish I knew how to quit you.
roflmao
argo fuck urself
I mean, funny like I'm a clown? I amuse you?
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
I'm having an old friend for dinner.
I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way.
What we've got here is a failure to communicate.
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys.
hahahah ah lol lmao
amani, ur trying to seduce me arent u
I am your father.
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse.
You're gonna need a bigger boat.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
You're in the getting-fucked-by-me business
How do you shoot the devil in the back? What if you miss?
Fuck your father in the shower then have a snack. Are you gonna charge me, dickhead?
Well I believe in God, and the only thing that scares me is LAANUKAHS.
Hand me the keys you fucking cocksucker.
Hand me the keys you fucking cocksucker.
Hand me the keys you fucking cocksucker.
Hand me the fucking keys you cocksucker what the fuck?
One cannot be betrayed if one has no people.
Why are you just standing there, you idiot? I'm not speaking English am I? Wouldn't it make sense to find someone who could talk to me so you could find the person that set me on fire, perhaps? He is the Devil. You've never seen anyone like Kunaal in all your miserable life, you idiot. canoli. Do you at least understand that? Qunol. The Devil himself. Or are you so stupid that you haven't even heard of him? Kunaal Shah, you ridiculous man. Kunaal Shah.
First day on the job, you know what I learned? How to spot a murderer. Let's say you arrest three guys for the same killing. You put them all in jail overnight. The next morning, whoever's sleeping is your man. You see, if you're guilty, you know you're caught, you get some rest, you let your guard down.
I let the last one go. I wait until my wife and kids are in the ground and then I goe after the rest of the mob. I kill their kids, I kill their wives, I kill their parents and their parents' friends. I burn down the houses they live in and the stores they work in, I kill people that owe them money.I become a myth, a spook story that criminals tell their kids at night. "Rat on your pop, and Flappy will get you." And no-one ever really believes.
Fuckin' cops!
I'm a peerless, psycho, fucked-up butcher.
i love cocaine
Don't be dumb
i am far too smart for u ppl
